Argument need not be optional to have a default value defined (#1703)
graphql/graphql.github.io: src/pages/learn/schema.mdx

All arguments are named. Unlike languages like JavaScript and Python where functions take a list of ordered arguments, all arguments in GraphQL are passed by name specifically. In this case, the `length` field has one defined argument, `unit`.

> Arguments can be either required or optional. We can define a _default value_ for an argument as well - if the `unit` argument is not passed, it will be set to `METER` by default.

Reviewer: How about:

```suggestion
Arguments can be either required or optional. An argument is optional if its type is nullable or if it defines a _default value_. For the `length` field above, if the `unit` argument is not passed, it will be set to `METER` by default.
```

I think the code above should also be adjusted (and this change reflected as appropriate in the rest of the page), though that is not essential:

```
  length(unit: LengthUnit! = METER): Float
```

Reviewer: (The change being the addition of the `!`)
